have you guys been watching the new
season of stranger things on it's the
show it's a great combination of new and
classic as a formula to really works for
them it's the full of references from
the 80s and now Netflix is the next
incarnation of the show is taking that a
step further with a new spinoff series
that teams the kids from Hawkins Indiana
with two beloved characters from the 80s
Larry and Balki tonight on Netflix Balki
and Larry are back and things are
stranger than ever
cousin Larry sisters uncles dogs nephew
needs a place to stay Balki I told you
that he is now who is this
his name is damn damn damn whoo demo
Gorgan Oh is he Irish
nice to meet you mr. oborin
we could use a breath no I mean it you
shouldn't have to his lack of boundaries
which one have you used my toothbrush to
his any antics damn could you get that
hey this place is spooky it's Halloween
it's supposed to be spooky hey guys
potatoes over there yeah
[Applause]
not again
he's turning both of their lives him we
need you to leave it's just because you
killed all our friends upside down you
can stay don't be ridiculous
cursing now we are so happy we do the
dance of joy
[Music]
three of us are stuck with each other
with perfect stranger things
our life and our treaties nothing's
gonna stop us perfect stranger things
tonight a day followed by an all-new
full house of cards wait I'm a single
dad and three kids thanks everyone who
participated in that nonsense
thanks for watching if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares